you're watching a quick cut on abc.com
previously on Desperate Housewives we've
got someone she had your address in her
pocket but there's no other ID I want
you out of my house tonight you don't
mean that I can't thank you enough for
putting her home to us stay as long as
you want I'm sorry the words came out of
my mouth before I knew what I was saying
Milly ated him so you'll inherit exactly
what you deserve nothing Victor wasn't
entirely blameless he ignored me he used
me politically oh yeah need you to get
Carlos if you're still in this pew when
I reach the pulpit I'm going to be
telling all of these people that you are
a cheating lying whore welcome to heaven
duck a l'orange Brisas it's making a
comeback and our oven is making its
debut that account was our future what
are we gonna do now
town okay I'm sure al has an access code
or a copy or some super nerd way to get
back into the account hi um I'm a friend
of owls
and I was wondering if I could see him
he'll go crazy we're gonna see each
other all the time
why does he always have to win I'm
pregnant and my husband's in rehab and
the only reason I seem sane is because
you were here his wife told me she
shredded anything that had to do with
offshore
Shh I know this is bad but we have each
other you haven't told her yet have you
I'm working on it she's not gonna leave
you because you lost your sight
you don't know Gabi you blamed what
happened on your ex-husband and I
believed you you told me it was always
fault and now I find out it was yours or
about even in the betrayal
fact I think you win
you